c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\UnitTest.dll.config
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\UnitTest.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\UnitTest.pdb
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\WebUi.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\WebUi.pdb
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\obj\Debug\UnitTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\obj\Debug\UnitTest.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\obj\Debug\UnitTest.pdb
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\UnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
