c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\users\александрсевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.pdb
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll.config
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\АлександрСевер\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PartsStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
